Conditionally use the new Application Header variant on the Maps visualization page (#654)
opensearch-project/dashboards-maps: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased 2.x](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-maps/compare/2.16...2.x)
### Features

> * Use new header to maps listing page [#653](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-maps/pull/653)
> * Use new header to maps visualization page [#654](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-maps/pull/654)

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
* Conditionally use the new Page Header variant on the Maps listing page [#653](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-maps/pull/653)
* Conditionally use the new Application Header variant on the Maps visualization page [#654](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-maps/pull/654)
```
